---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: travel

project:
  title: "jp24summer"
  type: "Photography"
  logo: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/thumbnail.jpg"

images:
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/thumbnail.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/blue.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/circle.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/lillies.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/trees.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/plant.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/bike.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/kong.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/liberty.jpg"
    alt: ""
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/travel/jp24summer/faces.jpg"
    alt: ""
---
<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">Air thick as molasses</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">Ahhh I love Japan... enough to endure the excruciating heat of its viscous August air.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">As with any Japan trip I've been on, Tokyo and Kyoto were steadfast staples of our itinerary for revisit. This time though, we intended to venture into Osaka for once, having neglected the city before. </p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">Pacing ourselves in the extreme heat, the most memorable moment by far came when we least expected. </p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">tl;dr: we went to a run down restaurant manned by an old granny and had the best food of our lives.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">In suburban Kyoto, on our way to Otagi Nenbutsuji Temple, we were due for lunch. Google Maps and its restaurant ratings have always been the tried and true source for yummy restaurants. It was no different with "Jurakuan", 4.7 stars, 100+ reviews.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">Arriving in the still stifling heat, the restaurant entrance looked rather abandoned, covered in unkempt shrubbery, leading to a crumbling home with an eclectic array of kitchen and home items overflowing inside. At this point, we thought seriously about leaving, but we were too hungry and had few options, so we chose to bite the bullet as a hunched, old lady came to serve us.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">She was the only one there to serve and we were the only ones there to be served. After we had ordered, we sat cross-legged on the floor scrutinising the holes in the wall and the slightly disturbing newspaper clippings plastered for display. We waited patiently as a fly buzzed around keeping us company whilst the granny tinkered with her pots and pans.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">Before long, we were served our udon and soba noodles served in clear ice cold broth topped with generous fillets of fish. We weren't expecting the best, but in one bite I could taste the unparalleled skill this grandma had cultivated over a lifetime of making noodles and quickly gobbled down the rest. Without a doubt, this was one of the best meals of the trip.</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 20px;">I guess one lesson is the age old "don't judge a book by its cover," but I've always had a soft spot for grandmothers, I feel like they've lived such selfless lives and I just want to give back. Okini!</p>

<p style="margin-bottom: 60px;">So Japan again when? Said no Aussie traveller ever.</p>

<p>Scroll down for more photos</p>